introducing Clark the first AI agent to
build internal enterprise
applications unlike vibe coding tools
that produce surface level prototypes
Clark builds production ready apps that
meet enterprise requirements it follows
your company's standards design systems
integrations permissions audit logs and
more let's see Clark in action imagine I
work at Instacart i'll ask Clark to
build an app for our operations team to
manage grocery deliveries pulling orders
from Snowflake driver locations from our
internal API and payments from Stripe
clark uses a multi- aent architecture to
achieve best-in-class accuracy
orchestrating across expert AI agents in
design IT engineering security and QA
first the design agent uses our design
system to create the UI from reusable
components ensuring visual guidelines
and accessibility standards are met next
the IT admin agent enforces our data
access policies it validates my
permissions for Snowflake and our
internal API but denies access to Stripe
since I'm not authorized i'll proceed
without payment data next the engineer
agent queries the order data from
Snowflake and driver location data from
our internal
API the security agent then scans the
code and detects a package outside our
allow list swapping it for an approved
alternative finally the QA agent
identifies a bug with search handing it
off to the engineer agent to fix now I
have a working app let's ask Clark to
set granular permissions only allow US
ops directors to issue refunds over
$500 clark has full context of our octa
groups so it adds logic to disable the
refund button
accordingly from here business users can
make changes visually while developers can edit the
underlying React code in their ID
enabling seamless collaboration
hundreds of customers like Instacart
Carrier and Cvent are already automating
their operations with Superblocks today
we've saved enterprises $5 million on
average book a demo and we'll save you 5
million too
